# 5.5-5.6 Notes

## 5.5 Notes

### Notes
 - Software sometimes have royalties, which acts as percentage payment on product earnings given to the person who established the patent for the royalty. 
 - By seperating creation of software between two companies, qualcom is able to split their stuff to also have and use a GPL licensing, yet at the same time manage to charge for thier software. 
 - Determining license for PBL is important to ask the client, since they may want to either private or publicly share their information. 

### Actions 
1. When you create a GitHub repository it requests a license type. Review the license types in relationship to this Tech Talk and make some notes in GitHub pages.
   - MIT
     - Open source
     - Prevents people from claiming copyright over content, but not much else 
   - APACHE
     - Same as MIT but more legal stringent 
    - GPL
      - Still open source but heaviest license 
      - Have to provide source code under derivative
2. Make a license for your personal and Team project. Document license you picked and why.
   - We chose to do an MIT liscence since we still wanted our content to be freely accesible to other clubs on campus who may want to follow a similar format of hosting a website. This would allow them to alter the website and its contents freely without any possible legal reprocussions. 

## 5.6 Notes 
 - A lot of sensitive information is accessible via your technology, and as such should be protected. 
 - Consider security standards when using technology.
   - personal safety is key, things like two factor authentication, good pswds, etc. 
 
### Actions 
1. Describe PII you have seen on project in CompSci Principles.
   - 
3. What are your feelings about PII and your exposure?
   -
5. Describe good and bad passwords? What is another step that is used to assist in authentication.
   -
7. Try to describe Symmetric and Asymmetric encryption.
   -
9. Provide and example of encryption we used in deployment.
   -
11.Describe a phishing scheme you have learned about the hard way. Describe some other phishing techniques.
   -
